Update docs: zonal states, user guide and kepler (#502)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/user-guide/examples/zonal-stats.mdx

- in parallel.

### a. HTTP endpoint

> Save the UDF, then click the 'Share' button located below the UDF name on the left side. In the dialog, click 'Share' again to generate a [token](/core-concepts/run-udfs/run-small-udfs/#token). Once the token is created, you'll see an HTTP endpoint that you can use to call the UDF from anywhere. Try it out by changing the endpoint's query parameters — the output will be in GeoJSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the UDF, then click the 'Share' button located below the UDF name on the left side. In the dialog, click 'Share' again to generate a [token](/core-concepts/run-udfs/run-small-udfs/#token). Once the token is created, you'll see an [HTTP endpoint](/user-guide/out/http/) that you can use to call the UDF from anywhere. Try it out by changing the endpoint's query parameters — notice here `?dtype_out_vector=geojson`, meaning the output will be a GeoJSON file.
```
